okay enough our start of it comes at the
end we take 285 grams net weight or 340
grams gross weight this is drained okay
let's say 340 graham can we put it all
in here ok Ollie and then what is this
did you weigh that what's the weigh 125
grams semolina okay semolina beautiful
yellow color look at this and then we
have how many grams of cheese you can
usually use mozzarella and God she is
totaling 125 but we only using today
mozzarella okay two eggs okay very
simple two eggs there we are then we
beat them all together and we have our
product yeah okay it's called chili corn
cakes 1 teaspoon baking powder please
okay but really you should put about 250
grams cheese how many grams japon okay
so you put 125 grams cheese and how much
corn flour okay so you should really put
another 125 grams or 125 grams
mozzarella you're supposed to put 125
grams off of goat's cheese but we're not
using that today we're using Parmesan
instead you've got to put in semolina
about 125 grams so 125 judge mozzarella
125 semolina 125 parmesan two eggs over
there one teaspoon of baking powder okay
and one tin which is approximately 340
grams of corn okay and some pepper some
peppers some peppers now if you are
Christian or if you eat pork take six
rushes of pork fry them until they're
crispy take the six rushes cut them very
small and thin fried them crispy and
then bring the
into this beautiful mixture over here
you put some chili ok Ollie let's go now
we're ready let's fry it ok now we put a
little bit of oil over here as you can
see in the frying pan not a whole lot ok
and always made some beautiful corn
patties which we're ready to try five
minutes alright they've been sizzling
for five minutes and they're nice and
golden now ready to be consumed here we
are ok and sometimes even one would
suffice first starter only just a little
bit of red please if I can get a little
bit of red a tiny little bit of red
would go a long way okay you've got 125
grams semolina Quan flour semolina 125
grams of mozzarella hundred twenty-five
grams of goat's cheese or mozzarella Oh
parmesan I'm sorry you've got two eggs
and you get a tablespoon of baking
powder and has a wonderful dish on a
pity all right now Jamila and yannick
have some are going to taste this for us
today ok should we start with yannick or
with you yeah ok mr. yonex a Sherpa Ted
gets get your pawns say ball he went
it's very good yeah what do you feel
when you put this in your mouth the
cheese are excellent and you get a good
sensation about it ok very good the ball
the table she's honest you know this
woman you see this woman she's a very
frank romance she tells you the truth
she would have told me it was horrible
if it was she says it's nice she went
it's very good and she's angry she wants
to finish it it's good jameelah what
sensation do you get in your mouth from
eating this huh
a lot of subtle taste at the same time a
lot not one a lot of circumstance at the
same time okay so would you say like
it's bursting in your mouth with flavor
it's very soft and it just melts in the
mouth okay the opposite of exploding in
the mouth it's melting in the mouth but
its melting with all the flavors going
through the mouth thank you very much
another happy customer well thank you
for joining this episodes of greece's
kitchen not so yeah well look I hope you
enjoyed it I hope you were stimulated
and until the next time good bye